All right, so now we finally need our own server because we have the front end, we have the sign up
and send basis.
So this data that the user enters, we want to send it to our backing so that we can save in the database,
right?
So for that, we have to build our own server from scratch.
Now, this is something you have to you need something like this, something like building your own
API.
It's an every time you build any project, any full stack project, right?
So almost all the applicants, they need authentication and you always end up writing the same code
over and over again in back end to build a server.
Especially authentication to authentication is something a must have thing.
However, it just takes a lot of time to write it and every time, every time you start a new project.
So to avoid that hassle, because I had to how to go through the same process over and over again.
And I was tired of that.
So I decided to create a.
Command line tool and I pushed it to NPM so that easily me and everyone else can use it.
All right, so this way, all the code is already there.
We'll be just instilling this spec as globally in our computer and then use that to generate our API.
So in a matter of seconds, I guess it's going to be magical and you will absolutely love it.
So let me search for NPM Colorado.
And by the way, this is very flexible, very easy to make changes.
You can just add code, remove code and.
This is something I've been doing it in my other Fullstack projects.
If you take out the courses in Udemy.
Almost all of them have the back end authentication, so it's pretty much the same goal.
But I decided to push it to NPM so that we can easily.
Use it in our project without going through 10 hours of writing code.
Right now, obviously I would be explaining to you and then if you need to know, just don't worry,
I'll be explained to you and we will be adding our own robots in control of functions, remote controls.
Basically, that's what you do.
So you send a request from the client to so and so we receive that as a route and then process that
request by quitting the database, saving the database object, delete things like that.
So we use that.
We do that in our control function.
So it's really not much happening.
Roads, controllers, you get the request, you process the request, send some response.
Simple as that.
So that's how we're going to generate our authentication.
So and it's not going to be as complicated and.
Hard to understand.
Like, for example, let's say if you're using fireworks, it works like you have the authentication
system.
But if you have to make content, it's really hard and you have to strictly follow their documentation
and there are some limitations and you don't really know how everything is working.
However, this is different, you know, you will see all the codes right in front of you and then you
can just make some changes if you want to or so without.
Let's talk.
Let's say, you know.
This is a helper tool for generating remote control.
So you can do that as well.
But basically, main focus is to generate the entire authentication proxy.
All right.
So how do you use it?
The first thing you have to do is install in your computer globally.
So NPM in SU test z stands for globally.
And this is a beggar's named cholera, I guess.
So you're going to run this command once you install a computer globally, then you can create a project
folder in your server so you can create a folder by the name of server.
Get inside that folder and run cholera.
Make us.
That's what we have to do.
And then it will give you the start of project which will have the log entry, stress and system folder,
password, everything.
Obviously you want to, you have to submit the you have to add the Mongo DVR connection and the SendGrid
API keys so that you can send the followed password email.
But that's that.
So nothing else to do.
You will have a ready to use authentication system.
All right.
So let's let's get into it.
I did have it in, so but I'll do it with you again just to make sure you don't find it confusing.
All right, so here, let me open a new tab.
And run it.
New computer globally installed.
Globally, it is still.
And once it is installed, the next thing you do is create a project.
You can create a project folder in your server API.
So we have to create a folder by the name.
So anything you like to let's call it server.
So we have some issues here for missing denied.
Okay.
So probably we have to use pseudo comma, npm and then the space that you.
Because basically we trying to write in our computer global is probably we have to run it as admin user
R2 that's been installed.
So once it is installed, you'll be able to use that color command.
All right.
So let's go let's go to the SIM director where we have a project and that is inside CD.
You did me, Alice.
So we already we have the same as folder and CDC in this list.
So we have the client folder at the moment.
Now we want to create a server folder as well.
All right.
So you can do that from here.
Make it or you can just do it manually.
Let me open a final.
Okay.
So we have this project here.
If we create another folder, let's call it server and we want to go into this server, so let's see
the server.
So we don't have anything at the moment.
So we are into sort of folder and here within this folder you want to run that.
Come on.
All right, make path.
I guess you can take out the document, isn't it.
Call out to make off.
All right.
So you can see here, it has created the package position files of the helpers file.
It has created.
There are two file controllers file and then the basic end 2.4 server which is indexed to these.
Okay.
So once you update in variables, your server with full authentication will be ready to use this type
npm install and then NPM start to see your server running and you can even visit this show to.
Give it a try.
Okay.
Awesome.
So let's quickly have a look at our auto generated server, I guess.
So you can see we have to settle for all these files and folders have been created using that command
in the background to this.
And you can see these are the packages that have been used to create this project.
So we have the send word for sending emails be crude for hashing password the course so client can be
running on a separate domain server can be on a separate domain.
We have the code says dirt envy to load the in variables.
We have the ESM package that will allow you to use import export syntax.
I guess, you know, it's just by default it doesn't support import and export syntax like in React
or next year.
So we have to use a request.
However, using this package you can use import and export.
So we have the express that is the one we using to build up our server.
We have some data which is this, this and we have durcan to generate the data we took and that is the
one we're using to handle the authentication.
We have the Mongoose to handle the MongoDB connection.
We have the Morgan that log the urls in the terminal.
I will show you later nanobody to generate the unique ids.
All right.
So.
Let's have a look at our solar project and let's understand how this works.